# ماهان-4-in-City-2562532681

Created on: 2024-11-30

**Introduction**
===============

Hello ماهان! today we're going on an exciting adventure to learn about something very important: water conservation! Do you know what that means? It means taking care of our water so we can use it again and again. Are you ready to join me on this fun journey?

**Story**
=========

Once upon a time, in a big city just like yours, there was a little rabbit named رایا (Raaya). She loved playing outside, but she noticed that the park where she played was very dry and the flowers were wilting. رایا asked her friend, a wise old owl named بوعز (Bou'az), "Why is our park so dry?"

بوعز explained, "Our park is dry because we're wasting a lot of water. We can help by turning off the tap while brushing our teeth and taking shorter baths."

رایا was determined to help. She asked you, ماهان, to join her on a mission to save water in the city.

Here are some challenges they faced:

* They saw a leaky pipe in the park. What do you think they should do?
	+ A) Call a plumber
	+ B) Try to fix it themselves
	+ C) Leave it alone

Choose your answer: 

(Note: Please choose one of the options, and I'll provide the next part of the story accordingly.)

**Please respond with A, B, or C**

(I'll wait for your response to continue the story)

After receiving the response:

If the response is A) Call a plumber

رایا and you, ماهان, decided to call a plumber to fix the leaky pipe. The plumber came and fixed the pipe, and the park's flowers started to bloom again!

Or

If the response is B) Try to fix it themselves

رایا and you, ماهان, tried to fix the pipe yourselves. But, oh no! You ended up making a bigger mess!

بوعز said, "It's great that you tried, but sometimes it's better to ask for help from a professional. Let's call a plumber instead."

Or

If the response is C) Leave it alone

رایا and you, ماهان, left the pipe alone. But the park's flowers continued to wilt, and the park didn't look happy.

بوعز said, "We should always try to fix problems when we see them. Let's call a plumber to fix the pipe."

**Conclusion**
==============